---
title: Thank you for attending PyConline AU
published: 2021-09-12
---

PyConline AU 2021 could not happen without a cast and crew of almost 100 people working for months to make things happen. 

This includes 60 speakers who spent months drafting, writing and rehearsing their talks, but also our crew of volunteers behind the scenes.

Here's those people (and we apologise in advance if we missed anyone!)

* Our AV team: Ryan Verner from Next Day Video, cTrix (of chiptune fame!!), and our AV volunteers: Michael, Daniel, Patrick, and Jordan. 
    * Thank you! You made us all look and sound amazing!
* Our Production volunteers: Caitlin, Betsy, Isabella, Grace, Niharika, Sae Ra, Tom, Chris and Libby.
    * You helped make things run as smoothly as possible!
* Our social event organisers! You made the time between talks so fun!
* Our specialist track organisers: Nicky and Amanda from Education; Justin and Aurynn from DevOops; Chris and Eliza from SnakeOil Academy, and Genevieve, Maia, Ned, Javier, and Rachel from Science Data and Analytics
    * Thank you!! Your tracks were amazing!
* Our program review team of 20(!) people from our core team and track team, but also including Adedapo, Ram, and Martin who came in as external reviewers to look over our talks. 
    * Thank you! Your input helped us make the best program!
* Our vendors!
    * Our stenographers from Whitecoat: Thank you!
    * Our platform team from Venueless, Pretix, and Pretalx: Thank *you*!
    * Our Shirt design from Tania: Wow!
    * Our speaker gifts (soon!) from Upbeat Promotions: Shiny!
* Our many amazing sponsors! 
    * Platinum sponsors Canva, WSP Australia
    * Gold sponsors Octopus Energy, Google Cloud, and 
    * our digital sponsors Elastic, Planet Innovation, Thoughtworks, the Python Software Foundation, Twilio, and our auspice Linux Australia: Thank you!
* Our speakers! 
    * Well done! You presented to over 660 total attendees! 
* Putting on an event isn't useful unless there are people to enjoy it! 
    * Thank you all for attending! 
* And our core team: Mike, David, Benno, Neill, Cintia, Russell, Jack, Katie, and our lead director: Richard. 
    * Thank you for the months of work and the dedication to make this event happen. 💚

Thank you friends for making #pyconlineau such a memorable moment in our calendars. We run this conference because of you and this amazing community!

That's it from us for now. To hear more about our plans for 2022, sign up to our announcement mailing list (available in our website footer.)

See you online &lt;3
